We've now got some publishers put together inside of our order service.
And at this point in time I'm really excited because we've got publishers available inside the order
service and inside the ticket service.
So here's what we're going to start to work on.
We're going to start to put together some number of listeners in these two services.
Remember that the goal of a listener is to process some number of incoming events inside of both these
services, we have to create two different listeners.
So you might recall seeing this diagram right here, it was a diagram of where all of these different
events are coming from and where they're going to.
So for the ticket created event, we need to make sure that the order service receives this event or
it listens for ticket created.
And I've got some notes on here about what that listener needs to do.
The Order service also needs to listen for ticket updated.
That's two listeners at least.
We have to build inside the order service.
Then inside the ticket service, we need to make sure that thing listens for the order created event
and for the order canceled event.
We're going to first begin working on our listeners for creating a ticket and updating a ticket.
So these are both listeners we're going to put together inside of our orders service.
Now, the reason I'm so excited about this is that this is where we're going to start to see some crazy
concurrency issues start to come up, and we're going to have to figure out how to solve these concurrency
issues.
You might recall discussing this diagram a little bit ago, a couple of hours ago inside the course
where we discussed having some of these events of ticket created and ticket updated come in to our application
in some weird order.
And we saw that if they get processed in a weird order, we could end up with some super invalid data.
So we eventually came up with a solution of using this version field to somehow track in order these
different events inside of our app.
So this is where we're going to start to go back to all this concurrency stuff and implement this versioning
thing.
So again, the first stuff we're going to put together, we're going to get a listener put together
for ticket created and ticket updated inside of our order service.
And as soon as we do, that's what we're going to start to see these version number start to become
really important.
All right.
So now we've got a little kind of preview of what we're going to be focusing on.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
We're going to get a quick reminder on how we create a listener in the next video.